# dnkg-pilot
Dutch National Knowledge Graph (DNKG) Pilot

A repo to capture the necessary information to build the DNKG via DBpedia cartridges. We use Github prototyping to capture information in files and version them. Once we feel confident that information is complete and things run smooth, we will implement a user interface and better tools.  The structure is very similar to the Databus folder structure. 

## License 
CC-BY - contributions to this repo will be licensed to give attribution to the DBpedia Knowledge Library. 

## Details 
We keep the detailed instructions in this [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19VbocJaTaXDlTtOaO8DgbMDgRQo0OhYwvQ3M7CuRDvs/edit)
 

## Folder structure

`cartridges/user/source/partition`

where 
  * `user` is the person or organisation producing the data
  * `source` is a short name for the general source of the dataset within that organisation
  * `partition` is a name for the partition generated by `export.construct`. Often a class or category, but arbitrary partitions can be selected in the where clause.
  
## Files 
  * `metadata.ttl` specifies where to acquire the data in a single triple. Note that later the Databus will keep much better metadata and provenance. 
     ```
     @prefix dev: <http://example.com/dev#>.
     <> dev:databusversion <https://databus.dbpedia.org/jj-author/kadaster/bag/2020.07.29> . 
     ```
  * `export.construct` executed over the data to create a partition to be indexed: see [2.4.4. Specify ID space](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19VbocJaTaXDlTtOaO8DgbMDgRQo0OhYwvQ3M7CuRDvs/edit#heading=h.uq0c3d5vz3j8) or look at the examples
  * `links.construct` executed over the data to construct the links 
  * `$dbo-property.pt-construct` 0...n files that export the complex structure described in the where clause, to a flat, coarse-grained DBpedia-like structure in the CONSTRUCT clause

